Selena Zhang: Listen, Mark, doubling the price of your bestsellers, just prices us small bookstores out of the competition.
Selena Zhang: How's that fair.
Jin Gao: Well, it's not about fairness, Jessica.
Jin Gao: It's business.
Jin Gao: The cost are going up, and we have to adjust.
Selena Zhang: Adjust. This isn't adjusting. It's arm twisting. You're basically telling us to pay up or shut down.
Jin Gao: Well, I understand it is tough. But let's find a way to work together.
Jin Gao: What if we offer a tiered discount system based on volume.
Selena Zhang: Volume. You know we can't order as much as the big chains that offer does nothing for us.
Jin Gao: Okay, okay.
Jin Gao: let's think about this. So how about we set up an exclusive local author section in your store?
Jin Gao: We supply the books and you provide the space, and we split, split the revenue.
Selena Zhang: that's
Selena Zhang: well, that's actually not a bad idea. But the split needs to be favorable to us. We can't lose out in our own store.
Jin Gao: True. So what if we go 60, 40, your way
Jin Gao: on local authors? And I can push for a 5% additional discount on the bestsellers.
Jin Gao: If your host monthly events.
Selena Zhang: Okay, make it 10%. And you've got yourself more than just events. We can do promotions, signings, the works.
Jin Gao: Okay, okay, okay, ha, ha, ha! 10%. It is. You drive a hard bargain. And Jessica, I'll have to tell my team that you are quite the negotiator.
Selena Zhang: Well, I'll tell mine that someone in the big, bad world of corporate publishing has their back after all.
Jin Gao: So do we have a deal, then.
Selena Zhang: Yeah, Mark, we have a deal. And hopefully.
Selena Zhang: we'll have a start to a better partnership, too.